Be clearer about persistent congestion (#4429)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-recovery.md

### Establishing Persistent Congestion

> A sender MUST establish persistent congestion after the receipt of an

Reviewer: MUST isn't necessary here.

```suggestion
A sender establishes persistent congestion after the receipt of an
```

Author: @martinthomson : Can you clarify why you think so? If you are thinking about enforceability, this document has several other unenforceable MUSTs, especially in the congestion controller.

> acknowledgement if two ack-eliciting packets are declared lost, and:

Reviewer 2: acknowledgement if two packets which are ack-eliciting are declared lost, and:

> acknowledgement if two ack-eliciting packets are declared lost, and:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
acknowledgement if two packets which are ack-eliciting are declared lost, and:
```

* all packets, across all packet number spaces, sent between the send times of

>   these two packets are declared lost;

Reviewer 2: I know we keep disagreeing about this, but I think paralellism is important.  Above, they're called "two ack-eliciting packets" and below we drop 'ack-eliciting', which I find confusing.

If you don't want to restate ack-eliciting, then I'd suggest "if two packets that are ack-eliciting are declared lost,"...

* the duration between the send times of these two packets exceeds the

>   persistent congestion duration ({{pc-duration}}); and

Reviewer: down in the third bullet, maybe s/both packets/these two packets/
